Unreal Engine plugin documentation update (#11625)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/unreal/tracing/trace-propagation/index.mdx

When an error or performance issue occurs, it can be challenging to pinpoint the root cause due to the complexity of such a system. Distributed tracing helps you follow the path of an event as it travels through this intricate web, recording every step it takes. By examining these traces, you can reconstruct the sequence of events leading up to the event of interest, identify the specific components involved, and understand their interactions. This detailed visibility enables you to diagnose and resolve issues more effectively, ultimately improving the reliability and performance of your distributed system.

## Basic Example

Here's an example showing a distributed trace in Sentry:

<Include name="common-imgs/distributed-trace-in-sentry" />

This distributed trace shows a Vue app's `pageload` making a request to a Python backend, which then calls the `/api` endpoint of a Ruby microservice.

What happens in the background is that Sentry uses reads and further propagates two HTTP headers between your applications:

- `sentry-trace`
- `baggage`

> If you run any JavaScript applications in your distributed system, make sure that those two headers are added to your CORS allowlist and won't be blocked or stripped by your proxy servers, gateways, or firewalls.

Reviewer: We should prob fix this docs-wide, right? A Flutter/.NET/Kotlin/Rust app running on the browser (e.g: wasm) also has this concern. While a JS app on NodeJS doesn't.

@chargome does my statement check out?

```suggestion
If you run any browser applications in your distributed system, make sure that those two headers are added to your CORS allowlist and won't be blocked or stripped by your proxy servers, gateways, or firewalls.
```

Reviewer 2: @bruno-garcia yes, we have docs for (browser) JS on that here: https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/tracing/trace-propagation/dealing-with-cors-issues/

## How to Use Distributed Tracing?

<PlatformContent includePath="distributed-tracing/how-to-use/" />

> Remember that in order to propagate trace information through your whole distributed system, you have to use Sentry in all of the involved services and applications. Take a look at the respective SDK documentation to learn how distributed tracing can be enabled for each platform.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Remember that in order to propagate trace information through your whole distributed system, you have to use Sentry in all of the involved services and applications. Take a look at their respective SDK docs to learn how distributed tracing can be enabled for each platform.
```
